My name is Dave.
I'm a Principal Security
Strategist with Google Cloud.
My job is to work directly with
security practitioners to help
them protect their
organizations.
What I love about my
job is the variety.
One day I might be
troubleshooting
a technical problem
for a customer.
The next day I
might be coding up
a solution to a certain problem.
Every day is something new
and I never get bored.
I was a kid growing
up in the Midwest.
I went off to college to
study engineering, I thought.
But I realized that I wasn't
really into engineering,
but I loved computer science,
which I didn't even
know was an option.
I ended up working as
a help desk person
early in college,
but then I got a job as
a system administrator.
I found myself working at
a startup in the
payments industry.
My job switched from
being in general
IT person to being a
cybersecurity person.
I spent seven years in that
job and did everything
from one man security shop to
running a medium-sized security
organization toward the end.
Then I switched over to the
other side of the table
and started working
for security vendors.
That gave me the opportunity to
see how literally hundreds
of other organizations run
their security programs,
and that was really eye-opening.
Cybersecurity is interesting
because you can really
bring your entire life
experience to cybersecurity.
What you're doing is trying
to protect an organization,
not necessarily like
from an accident,
but you're protecting an
organization from a human
being on the other side who's
trying to do your
organization harm.
One thing that's becoming clear
is that people from
diverse backgrounds and
diverse experiences
typically bring
a great deal of improvement
to how we deal with that.
I highly recommend getting
involved with security
organizations.
It's a place to meet
other people who
can help you along
in your career.
I think people are
surprised to learn
just how much help is
available in our industry.
There are lots of folks
who are more senior and
more accomplished who are
willing to be mentors.
I think the best thing that
you can do as someone who's
looking for a mentor
is to be assertive.
Have a plan, have
a few things in mind that
you want to work on,
and then reach out to
someone who maybe works in
that particular area of
cybersecurity and
ask them for help.
I think you'll be surprised at
just how helpful folks will be.